Add ExternalPythonOperator to Python versioning (#1587)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-image-architecture.md

## Python versioning

> Astro Runtime supports Python 3.9. This is the only version of Python that Astro Runtime supports. If your data pipelines require an unsupported Python version and you're running Airflow 2.4 or later, Astronomer recommends that you use the `ExternalPythonOperator`. See [ExternalPythonOperator](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/operator/python.html#externalpythonoperator). You can continue to use the `KubernetesPodOperator`, but the `ExternalPythonOperator` simplifies the Kubernetes authorization process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime supports Python 3.9. This is the only version of Python that Astro Runtime supports. If your data pipelines require an unsupported Python version and you're running Astro Runtime 6.0 (based on Airflow 2.4) or later, Astronomer recommends that you use the `ExternalPythonOperator`. See [ExternalPythonOperator](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/operator/python.html#externalpythonoperator).

If you currently use the `KubernetesPodOperator` or the `PythonVirtualenvOperator` in your DAGs, you can instead continue to use those operators to create virtual or isolated environments that can run tasks with different versions of Python.
```
